How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was easy to see the list of only the differences between the two files. So that i spotted the errors so easily.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    yeah! It made me feel like an efficient programmer since i had access to every versions of my project. so, no worries about forgetting about the modifications made. we can keep track of every changes. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I think, it is best if we can save versions manually. beacause, we get to decide when to save and what to save. but, in automatic saving, it will not be considered that whether the changes are made or not. so, in that case, there is a risk of saving the same project again and again which wastes our resource.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    systems like google docs treat each file separately. so, the versions will be different for each files. In some projects, the files are interlinked. That is, change in one file needs change in another file too. In that case, git commits both the files together and this collection of files is called repository.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log helps to see the number of commits assigned to the project. On the other hand, git diff helps to show the changes made between any two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    version control might act like our backup. since, developing some new project may give unexpected errors or outputs, we might need undo option. version control takes care of that.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git for my future web development projects.
